another year another new Nissan GTR this
is the brand new model year 2012 car and
much like the other iteration just got
through suspension tweaks it's got a bit
more pair although they won't tell us
like quite what the power output is yet
we're actually about 545 something like
that and we're here on a pretty wet
Silverson track trying it out and let's
be honest if you are going to drive any
car on a wet race track it would be the
GTR with its all-wheel drive and all the
electronics working with you
but even now it's super slippy coming
into this corner here see how careful I
got to pee and on the exit
oh that's control cutting in I'm only on
my second lap so I thought I better not
ruin it and this is the only car here
today only car in the country at the
moment so I don't have ruin it in the
first corner
can actually feel that little bit of
extra power we've also got the 2011
model here just for comparison I drove
back just a minute ago and it just feels
a little bit more urgent through the
gears I mean it is a tiny margins it's a
seriously fast car anyway but this one
really seemed when it gets up to about
five since then
say it just feels like a rear-wheel
drive car in these conditions but
feel that power it seems your point in
the highway and you floor the throttle
oh well it just takes your breath away
this is sensational but i have to say
shorter perhaps a false 911 turbo I
can't think of anything that would
negotiate a wet Silsden quicker ok we
switch DM try to control into our load
or just gives you that much more slip my
name is the difference that same corner
before when we had the touch control
freely on it just snapped me back a
little earlier but
safety net is still there and I think in
these conditions it'll be a pool too
turning on completely organic skills
with driver of course
the GTR may well be one of the most
friendly super cars in the world you can
say that a car with this much power but
it does have all those electrics it does
have forward bro if you after you on a
wet track mount still bares its teeth we
got round in one piece got fantastic
experience I'm being honest I wouldn't
really want to be driving it and
anything else this model year 12 car
they just improves the formula that
little bit more like a chef refining a
recipe hats off to listen